right for all you model that video I was
just trying to mod my gta4 and a
software you probably heard of in from
the GTA garage or mud garage website GTA
handling a batch Allen editor you're
supposed to get this file the with that
program it's supposed to let me see if I
can pull it up here this file right here
I it's opening via the notepad so I can
edit it but your tongue handling deck
and when you mod it and your might have
successful you might not be able to
change back and even then you have it
backed up I was not able to find that
backup the backup file for this so you
can restore it and get your game running
back to normal without losing any save
data you know like the game save data by
going to this website it's giving them
go back you go to this website right
here or actually what you do is just go
and go go type in handle dot dat for
gta4 you click on this link right here
click on it then you should be on this
website right here I'll read it off to
you ww GTA gaming comm port slash or
backslash excuse me downloads backslash
GTA - IV backslash vehicles - mods
backslash 4 193 ok and then you just
click the download button right here
it'll take you to the original dat
Brazil handling got that configuration
you copy all of this and it's much more
than that so I'm just showing you but
you copy all of that you copy and paste
it into the original dot that if you
have it if we deleted it
open up your notepad save it as the
handling gap that will be the name for
it and the link that and then what
you're gonna put in a notepad is all
that crap that you copied from here you
save it into this directory if you have
steam
it'll be the same if you have it in
Windows but no let me find it for you
it'll be in steam steamapps common gta4
or gta5 for then GTA 4 then common then
data now if your if you haven't
installed through the disk and it's not
going through steam then it might just
be common DJ for I mean Grand Theft Auto
4 then GTA 4 comment then data and it'll
be in there you just search for handle
handling that and you should be able to
this is the doctor with that directory
it should be and I can't speak right now
but yeah okay that's how you restore
your handling dotnet and any questions
or comments please leave them the leave
them below and stay tuned for any of my
upcoming videos please subscribe and
thanks for watching
now let me exit as this before I get law